from an Accuracy in Media report by Jon Street, Oct. 6, 2017:
A study found that more ice formed in the Arctic in 2017 than in all but four of the last 37 years, challenging the media narrative that the earth is warming and seas are rising because of manmade activity.

Instead of reporting this study, media outlets focused on another report that [supported its] narrative.

The Polar Portal, which publishes climate research from the Danish Meteorological Institute, the Geological Survey of Denmark and Greenland and the National Space Institute, and is funded by the Danish Cooperation for Environment in the Arctic, according to its website, published its annual surface mass budget summary in September.

The report looks at how much ice Arctic glaciers gain compared with how much ice they lose from warmer temperatures, a difference referred to by scientists as the Surface Mass Budget.

This year’s report found that the amount of ice on the Greenland ice sheet in 2017 was “the fifth highest out of the 37-year record.” The highest on record, according to Polar Portal, was between 1995 and 1996. The lowest amount of ice on record was between 2011 and 2012.

“This year, we estimate the total mass budget to be close to zero and possibly even positive,” the summary on Polar Portal read.
The explanation added how exactly scientists came to their conclusion:

“Greenland on average loses around 500 Gt of ice each year from calving and submarine melt processes. If we subtract this from our figure of 544 Gt [Gross tonnage] for the SMB it would suggest Greenland gained a small amount of ice this year.

“However, compared to the approximately 3600 Gt of ice, corresponding to 1cm of global average sea level rise that Greenland has lost since 2002, this year’s slightly positive balance does not add much extra,” it said.
But instead of reporting on these facts, (media reports) instead covered other recent studies that focused on massive chunks of ice breaking away from glaciers at the opposite tip of the globe.

“A key Antarctic glacier just lost a huge piece of ice — the latest sign of its worrying retreat,” the Washington Post’s Chris Mooney wrote in a piece published Sept. 25. Mooney, who cited researchers at NASA, said the break was caused by “warmer ocean waters reaching the base of the glacier and weakening it.”